Non-static bounce buffer option (#454)
rapidsai/kvikio: cpp/doxygen/main_page.md

  - when running in Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).
  - when `/run/udev` isn't readable, which typically happens when running inside a docker image not launched with `--volume /run/udev:/run/udev:ro`.

This setting can also be controlled by `defaults::compat_mode()` and `defaults::compat_mode_reset()`.

#### Thread Pool (KVIKIO_NTHREADS)
KvikIO can use multiple threads for IO automatically. Set the environment variable `KVIKIO_NTHREADS` to the number of threads in the thread pool. If not set, the default value is 1.

This setting can also be controlled by `defaults::thread_pool_nthreads()` and `defaults::thread_pool_nthreads_reset()`.

#### Task Size (KVIKIO_TASK_SIZE)
KvikIO splits parallel IO operations into multiple tasks. Set the environment variable `KVIKIO_TASK_SIZE` to the maximum task size (in bytes). If not set, the default value is 4194304 (4 MiB).

This setting can also be controlled by `defaults::task_size()` and `defaults::task_size_reset()`.

#### GDS Threshold (KVIKIO_GDS_THRESHOLD)

> In order to improve performance of small IO, `.pread()` and `.pwrite()` implement a shortcut that circumvent the threadpool and use the POSIX backend directly. Set the environment variable `KVIKIO_GDS_THRESHOLD` to the minimum size (in bytes) to use GDS. If not set, the default value is 1048576 (1 MiB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve performance of small IO requests, `.pread()` and `.pwrite()` implement a shortcut that circumvents the threadpool and uses the POSIX backend directly. Set the environment variable `KVIKIO_GDS_THRESHOLD` to the minimum size (in bytes) to use GDS. If not set, the default value is 1048576 (1 MiB).
```

(My never ending crusade to eliminate "In order to" and "Due to the fact that" from written english ;))

This setting can also be controlled by `defaults::gds_threshold()` and `defaults::gds_threshold_reset()`.

#### Size of the Bounce Buffer (KVIKIO_GDS_THRESHOLD)

> KvikIO might have to use an intermediate host buffer when copying between file and device memory. Set the environment variable ``KVIKIO_BOUNCE_BUFFER_SIZE`` to size (in bytes) of this "bounce" buffer. If not set, the default value is 16777216 (16 MiB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KvikIO might have to use an intermediate host buffer when copying between files and device memory. Set the environment variable ``KVIKIO_BOUNCE_BUFFER_SIZE`` to the size (in bytes) of this "bounce" buffer. If not set, the default value is 16777216 (16 MiB).
```
